[Music] The
bright April sky, plump birds soaring
across the sky, colorful flowers and leaves,
celestial beings, heavenly spirits, celebrating the Buddha's birthday.
Buddhists
from all five continents, Buddhists from all over the
world, joyfully commemorating the Buddha's birthday.
[Music]
Please, Buddhists, make flower floats, Buddhists sing and dance, chanting scriptures to celebrate the Buddha's birthday. Please,
Buddhists from all five continents, make
flower floats together, Buddhists from all five continents, together,
make flower floats, together, joyfully sing and chant scriptures to
celebrate the Buddha's birthday.
[Music]
La La La La La La [
Music] The bright
April sky, plump birds soaring across the sky,
colorful flowers and leaves, celestial beings, heavenly spirits, joyfully
commemorating the Buddha's birthday. Buddhists from all five continents, together, make flower floats,
Buddhists from all five continents,
together, make flower floats, together, joyfully sing and chant scriptures to celebrate the Buddha's birthday. Buddhists from all five continents, Buddhists from all over the world, joyfully commemorating the Buddha's birthday. Buddhists from all five continents, Buddhists from all five continents,
together, make flower floats, Buddhists from all five continents,
together, joyfully sing and chant scriptures to celebrate the Buddha's birthday. Please,
Buddhists, make flower floats,
Buddhists sing
and chant scriptures to celebrate the Buddha's birthday.
Buddhists from all over the world gather together to make
flower floats. Buddhists from all over the South
gather together to make flower floats, together they sing and chant hymns to celebrate the Buddha's birthday. Buddhists from all over the
world gather together to make flower floats. Buddhists from all over the world gather together to make flower floats, together they sing and chant hymns to celebrate the Buddha's birthday. Buddhists from all over the world gather together to make flower floats, Buddhists from all over the world gather together to make
flower floats, together they sing and chant hymns to celebrate the Buddha's
birthday. Buddhists from all over the world respectfully bow
to the Buddha. Buddhists from all over the world
respectfully bow to the
Buddha.
[Music]
[Applause]